TDP-3037 Recording feature (#226)
Bandwidth/bandwidth.github.io: voice/about.md

## BXML verbs

| Verb                                                 | Description                                                                                           |
|:-----------------------------------------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [`<Forward>`](bxml/verbs/forward.md)                 | The Forward verb is used to forward an unanswered incoming call to another number.                    |

> | [`<Gather>`](bxml/verbs/gather.md)                   | The Gather verb is used to collect digits for some period of time.                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`<Gather>`](bxml/verbs/gather.md)                   | The Gather verb is used to collect DTMF digits.                                    |
```

> | [`<Hangup>`](bxml/verbs/hangup.md)                   | The Hangup verb is used to hangup current call.                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`<Hangup>`](bxml/verbs/hangup.md)                   | The Hangup verb is used to hangup the current call.                                                       |
```

> | [`<Pause>`](bxml/verbs/pause.md)                     | The Pause verb is used to delay for a period of time in the call.                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`<Pause>`](bxml/verbs/pause.md)                     | The Pause verb is used to delay verb execution for a period of time.                                     |
```

> | [`<PauseRecording>`](bxml/verbs/pauseRecording.md)   | The PauseRecording verb is used to pause a recording started by a preceding `<StartRecording>` verb. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`<PauseRecording>`](bxml/verbs/pauseRecording.md)   | The PauseRecording verb is used to pause a recording previously started by a [`<StartRecording>`](bxml/verbs/startRecording.md) verb. |
```

| [`<PlayAudio>`](bxml/verbs/playAudio.md)             | The PlayAudio verb is used to play an audio file in the call.                                         |
| [`<Record>`](bxml/verbs/record.md)                   | The Record verb allows a segment of audio to be recorded during a call.                               |
| [`<Redirect>`](bxml/verbs/redirect.md)               | The Redirect verb is used to redirect the current XML execution to another URL.                       |

> | [`<ResumeRecording>`](bxml/verbs/resumeRecording.md) | The ResumeRecording verb is used to resume a recording paused by a preceding `<PauseRecording>` verb. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`<ResumeRecording>`](bxml/verbs/resumeRecording.md) | The ResumeRecording verb is used to resume a recording previously paused by a [`<PauseRecording>`](bxml/verbs/pauseRecording.md) verb. |
```

| [`<SendDtmf>`](bxml/verbs/sendDtmf.md)               | The SendDtmf verb is used to play DTMF digits in the call.                                            |

> | [`<SpeakSentence>`](bxml/verbs/speakSentence.md)     | The SpeakSentence verb is used to convert any text into speak for the caller.                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`<SpeakSentence>`](bxml/verbs/speakSentence.md)     | The SpeakSentence verb converts text into audible speech.                         |
```

> | [`<StartRecording>`](bxml/verbs/startRecording.md)   | The StartRecording verb allows an entire section of a call to be recorded.                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`<StartRecording>`](bxml/verbs/startRecording.md)   | The StartRecording verb allows a segment of a call to be recorded while other verbs are executing.                            |
```

> | [`<StopRecording>`](bxml/verbs/stopRecording.md)     | The StopRecording stops a recording that was started by a preceding `<StartRecording>` verb.          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`<StopRecording>`](bxml/verbs/stopRecording.md)     | The StopRecording verb stops a recording that was previously started by a [`<StartRecording>`](bxml/verbs/startRecording.md).          |
```

|:--------------------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Answer](bxml/callbacks/answer.md)                      | Bandwidth API sends this to the application when the call is answered.                                                                                                                                 |
| [Gather](bxml/callbacks/gather.md)                      | Bandwidth API sends this when a `<Gather>` is completed.                                                                                                                                               |
| [Initiate](bxml/callbacks/initiate.md)                  | Bandwidth API sends this to the application when an inbound call arrives.                                                                                                                              |

> | [RecordComplete](bxml/callbacks/recordComplete.md)      | Bandwidth API sends this to the application when a `<Record>` is completed.                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer 2: maybe worth noting that this doesn't mean the recording is available?

> | [Record Complete](bxml/callbacks/recordComplete.md)     | Bandwidth API sends this to the application when a `<Record>` is completed. To download the recording look for the [Recording Available](bxml/callbacks/recordingAvailable.md) event.                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Record Complete](bxml/callbacks/recordComplete.md)     | Bandwidth API sends this to the application when a `<Record>` is completed. To download a completed recording, utilize its [Recording Available](bxml/callbacks/recordingAvailable.md) event.                  |
```

Reviewer 2: I think it would be better to say "The recording is not available to download until the Recording Available event is received.

| [Transfer Answer](bxml/callbacks/transferAnswer.md)     | Bandwidth API sends this to the application when the `<Transfer>` is answered.                                                                                                                         |
| [Transfer Complete](bxml/callbacks/transferComplete.md) | Bandwidth API sends this to the application when the `<Transfer>` is complete.                                                                                                                         |

## Asynchronous Callbacks
| Callback                                                         | Description                                                                             |
|:-----------------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Disconnect](bxml/callbacks/disconnect.md)                       | Bandwidth API sends this to the application when a call ends.                           |

> | [RecordingAvailable](bxml/callbacks/recordingAvailable.md)       | Bandwidth API sends this to the application when a recording is available for download. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [RecordingAvailable](bxml/callbacks/recordingAvailable.md)       | Bandwidth API sends this to the application when a recording started by either a [`<StartRecording>](bxml/verbs/startRecording.md) or a [`<Record>](bxml/verbs/record.md) verb is available for download. |
```

| Callback                                                         | Description                                                                             |
|:-----------------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Disconnect](bxml/callbacks/disconnect.md)                       | Bandwidth API sends this to the application when a call ends.                           |

> | [RecordingAvailable](bxml/callbacks/recordingAvailable.md)       | Bandwidth API sends this to the application when a recording started by either a [`<StartRecording>`](bxml/verbs/startRecording.md) or a [`<Record>`](bxml/verbs/record.md) verb is available for download. |

Reviewer: I think we should consistent in linking verbs. Here, we're linking, but in the verb table, we're not linking to verbs in the `description` column.
